would you autograph your book for me
just make it out to Fred Fred Clausen
it's not my book isn't it no look here
pictures of phony the name to George
stark phony I know
it's my turn to be storyteller okay
there's this right see let's call him
Beaumont he writes a couple of highbrow
books about yuppies and the
critics raved but nobody behind so he
changes his style he starts writing
about tips and tough guys he dreams up
this badass character machine yeah
Alexis machine he calls himself George
stark I guess so maybe his mother won't
find out he's right in this he
slaps a phony picture on a back boom he
sells a million comedies so he writes
three more of these things boom boom
boom they all hit the charts he gets
rich not that rich rich enough
I think I'm rich enough so what's he
gonna write next he's gonna write me a
nice B check if he wants me to keep my
mouth shut about this and if he doesn't
want what if he doesn't care what you do
oh he wants he cares and if he doesn't
the people around him do they got a
major league scan going here
there's a million Americans out there
just waiting to lay out their harder and
what twenty-nine and change for George
stark to give him another hard-on they
believed in George stark they believed
he's writing about he knows
that he's maybe even done they find out
they've been lied to that 29 unchanged
might just go back in the pocket and I
don't think you or the people around you
want to take that chance how'd you find
out I ran into this baby works for your
publisher see I live in New York she'd
give me the whole story
it's like machine says in your book
they're at nine o'clock
came at 10 o'clock she came across
you